here you see the user view, this view provides important functionalities to make your live easier in wormnet.
it shows the channels in wormnet and some additional "channels". Buddylist Querys and Ignorelist, arent channels,
they can be seen as (user) containers with special purposes.
in the picture i rightclicked a user, i can now add this user to the buddylist or ignorelist. 
if i add one to the ignorelist, he will appear there (online or offline).
the buddylist will only show this user if he is online, and the snooper will also play sound when a buddy 
connects to wormnet or disconnects. also he must not join a channel to appear in your list, the snooper will
show him if he is connected to wormnet. with a doubleclick to a user you can start a chat with him.
users from your buddylist will open a chatwindow when they send you a private message.
users from ignorelist cannot send you private messages.
users that are not in your buddylist and not in your ignorelist can send you private messages but the message will then
appear in all channelchat windows.

in settings you can also set that ignorelist users will not appear inside the chatwindows at all. but you can open a chatwindow
with them and talk.

if a user that is not in the buddylist nor in the ignorelist, sends you a private message, he will then appear in the query list
and the snooper will also safe this query if you close it. so a look inside the query list will allways inform you about
chat querys and you can allways read it, even the next day.

a doubleclick to a channelname will open this channel if it is not opened allready.

buddys appear with a green point on their names, and their hosts will appear with a green lamp instead of a white one.
querys from users that are gone offline will appear with a gray point and ignorelist member with a transparent point.

you can sort by flag rank nick clan and client with a click to the header buttons in the view. you can also drag and drop this buttons from the view to change the direction.
the default direction is flag rank nick clan and client. so you can change it for example to:
nick rank flag clan client.
if you rightclick a clanname you can choose that this clanname should be hidden, that makes it possible to disable strings 
that dont seem to be a clanname.